docs(README): add note about MCP server (#26845)
prisma/prisma: README.md

Prisma Client can be used in _any_ Node.js or TypeScript backend application (including serverless applications and microservices). This can be a [REST API](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/overview/prisma-in-your-stack/rest), a [GraphQL API](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/overview/prisma-in-your-stack/graphql), a gRPC API, or anything else that needs a database.

If you need a database to use with Prisma ORM, check out [Prisma Postgres](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started/quickstart-prismaPostgres?utm_source=github&utm_medium=org-readme).

**Prisma ORM can further be extended with these Prisma products:**

- [Prisma Accelerate](https://prisma.io/docs/data-platform/accelerate?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prisma-readme): Global database cache with scalable connection pooling
- [Prisma Optimize](https://www.prisma.io/docs/optimize?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prisma-readme): AI-powered query optimization and performance insights

> - [Prisma Studio](https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/tools/prisma-studio?utm_source=github&utm_medium=org-readme): A visual editor for the data in your database

Reviewer: Is this change intentional?

Author: yes 👍

> **If you need a database to use with Prisma ORM, check out [Prisma Postgres](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started/quickstart-prismaPostgres?utm_source=github&utm_medium=org-readme).**

Reviewer: I think it should be

```suggestion
**If you need a database to use with Prisma ORM, check out [Prisma Postgres](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started/quickstart-prismaPostgres?utm_source=github&utm_medium=prisma-readme).**
```

(`org-readme` is https://github.com/prisma/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)

[![Made with Prisma](http://made-with.prisma.io/indigo.svg)](https://prisma.io)
```

## MCP server

The Prisma CLI includes a [Prisma MCP server](https://www.prisma.io/docs/postgres/mcp-server) that can be integrated in your favorite AI tool using this snippet:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Prisma": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "prisma", "mcp"]
    }
  }

> }

Author: this is how it's done in most tools (Cursor, Windsurf, Claude Desktop, ...) but you made a good point about some tools maybe having a different format, so I added the plain command for starting the server to the section as well.

> }

Author: this is how the section reads now:

````md
## MCP server

The Prisma CLI includes a [Prisma MCP server](https://www.prisma.io/docs/postgres/mcp-server). It's started via this CLI command:

```
npx prisma mcp
```

Most AI tools support a JSON-based configuration for MCP servers looking like this:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Prisma": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "prisma", "mcp"]
    }
  }
}
````

> }

Reviewer: looks good!

> The Prisma CLI includes a [Prisma MCP server](https://www.prisma.io/docs/postgres/mcp-server) that can be integrated in your favorite AI tool using this snippet:
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "mcpServers": {
>     "Prisma": {
>       "command": "npx",
>       "args": ["-y", "prisma", "mcp"]
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```

Author: ````suggestion
The Prisma CLI includes a [Prisma MCP server](https://www.prisma.io/docs/postgres/mcp-server). It's started via this CLI command:

```
npx prisma mcp
```
 
Most AI tools support a JSON-based configuration for MCP servers looking like this:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Prisma": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "prisma", "mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```
````

> Prisma's MCP server gives aI agents the ability to manage [Prisma Postgres](https://www.prisma.io/postgres) databases (e.g. spin up new database instances or run schema migrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prisma's MCP server gives AI agents the ability to manage [Prisma Postgres](https://www.prisma.io/postgres) databases (e.g. spin up new database instances or run schema migrations).
```
